.TH SCATOOL 8 "27 Mar 2014" "sca-server-report" "Supportconfig Analysis Manual"
.SH NAME
scatool - Supportconfig Analysis (SCA) Tool
.SH SYNOPSIS
scatool [OPTIONS]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBscatool\fR is used to analyze the local server using supportconfig and the Supportconfig Analysis patterns.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-h\fR
Displays the help screen.
.TP
\fB\-a\fR \fI/path/to/supportconfig/tarball\fR
Analyze the tarred compressed tar ball spacified with the -a paramenter.
.TP
\fB\-o\fR \fI/path/to/output/file/\fR
The HTML report file will be written to this directory. If -o is not specified, the output file will be in the same location as the supportconfig file or directory.
.PD
.SH CONSOLE OPERATIONS
Running scatool without any options or with invalid options will load the console. You can press the <tab> key to see a list of commands. The console also supports tab completion when selecting commands to run. The following commands are available:
.TP
\fBhelp\fR
Shows the list of commands and their usage. Use the help followed by the command to get detailed help about that specific command. 
.TP
\fBanalyze\fR [\fI/path/to/supportconfig/archive\fR]
Without any options, scatool will run a supportconfig on the server, analyze it using the available SCA patterns, and display the results as an HTML report. If you specify a supportconfig archive, scatool will decompress and analyze it before displaying the results.
.TP
\fBview\fR [\fI/path/to/report.html\fR]
Opens the w3m text browser to view HTML reports. If no path given, it will try to open the most current report.
.TP
\fBexit\fR
Exits the console
.PD
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
\fBscatool -c\fR
Start the scatool console (see CONSOLE OPERATIONS above).
.TP
\fBscatool -a\fR
Runs supportconfig on the local host and analyzes its output. It saves the HTML report file to the same location at the supportconfig with the same name, but ending in .html.
.TP
\fBscatool -a /var/log/nts_localhost_131107_1315.tbz\fR
Analyzes the supportconfig archive file specified. The path can be a tarred compressed supportconfig archive or a suportconfig extracted directory, either will work. The HTML report file is saved in the save location as the supportconfig archive or directory.
.TP
\fBscatool -a -o /opt/sca/reports/\fR
Runs supportconfig on the local host. It saves the HTML report file in the output path specified instead of the default path of the supportconfig tarball.
.TP
\fBscatool -a sles_server.company.com\fR
Establishes an ssh connection to sles_server.company.com to run a supportconfig on the server. The supportconfig is then copied back to the local host to be analyzed. The HTML report file is saved to the default /var/log directory.
.PD
.SH AUTHOR
.RS
Jason Record <jrecord@suse.com>
.RE
.RS
David Hamner <dhamner@suse.com>
.RE
.SH COPYRIGHT
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; version 2 of the License.
.PP
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
.PP
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

