.TH SCATOOL.CONF 5 "14 Apr 2014" "sca-server-report" "Supportconfig Analysis Manual"
.SH NAME
scatool.conf - Supportconfig Analysis Tool Configuration File
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBscatool.conf\fR file has default values for \fBscatool\fR.
.SH GLOBAL VARIABLES
.TP
ARCHIVE_MODE
Once the \fBscatool\fR processes the supportconfig archive, it usually deletes it.
.RS
Valid options: 0 = Disable archive mode, 1 = Enable archive mode
.RE
.RS
Default: 0
.RE
.TP
CONSOLE_MODE
Start \fBscatool\fR in console mode.
.RS
Valid options: 0 = Disable console mode, 1 = Enable console mode
.RE
.RS
Default: 0
.RE
.TP
HTML_OUTPUT_PATH
The path where HTML report files are saved when processing local supportconfig archives or directories. If defined, all HTML report files will be saved in this location, regardless of the supportconfig archive or directory location. HTML_OUTPUT_PATH overrides HTML_REPORT_PATH. If left undefined or empty, HTML report files are saved in the same directory as the supportconfig archive or directory.
.RS
Default: (Empty)
.RE
.TP
HTML_REPORT_PATH
The path where HTML report files are saved when processing remote server supportconfigs.
.RS
Default: /var/log
.RE
.TP
SCA_LIBRARY_PATH
The base SCA Tool library path. Pattern libraries are located here. 
.RS
Default: /usr/lib/sca/
.RE
.TP
SCA_PATTERN_PATH
The base pattern directory for all patterns.
.RS
Default: /usr/lib/sca/patterns/
.RE
.TP
BASHLIB
The Bash library location for the supportconfig pattern repository. The bash patterns \fBscatool\fR uses requires bash libraries located in this directory.
.RS
Default: /usr/lib/sca/patterns/lib/bash
.RE
.TP
PERL5LIB
The Perl library location for the supportconfig pattern repository. The perl patterns \fBscatool\fR uses requires perl libraries located in this directory.
.RS
Default: /usr/lib/sca/patterns/lib/perl
.RE
.TP
PYTHONPATH
The Python library location for the supportconfig pattern repository. The python patterns \fBscatool\fR uses requires python libraries located in this directory.
.RS
Default: /usr/lib/sca/patterns/lib/python
.RE
.TP
LOGLEVEL
The SCA Tool log level.
.RS
Valid options: LOGLEVEL_NORMAL and LOGLEVEL_VERBOSE
.RE
.RS
Default: LOGLEVEL_NORMAL
.RE
.SH AUTHOR
Jason Record <jrecord@suse.com>
.SH COPYRIGHT
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; version 2 of the License.
.PP
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
.PP
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR \fBscatool\fR (8)

